The units that were built by the government on the Treforist estate, they all seemed to be of one design.
They were very plain, nothing fancy at all, just a utilitarian building.
I think it was about 7,000 or 8,000 square foot.
And the building was, it had offices at the front and it was divided roughly into half.
And the slightly bigger half, probably 55%, was devoted to cigarette paper.
And the other 45% was the box making division.
They made boxes, well I don't know, you could put shoes in them, all that sort of thing.
Although of course they didn't do so well in the wall because on the one hand there was very little new stuff being produced.
And the one thing that you didn't need was luxury boxes.
So they did struggle a bit and the main revenue stream was from the cigarette paper.